# Set the Stage
 - In this demo, we’ll walk through a simple reconciliation of the balance sheet. 
 - We often times see that our data is pulled from disparate sources and that is the case here. 
 - We have two inputs generated from the accounting ledger – 1) Assets by business unit, and 2) Liabilities and Equity by business unit. We also have a third input serving as a 3) control audit check for total assets as they publish to our draft financials. 
 - We are in the process of closing our books for the month, and as our teams are continuously booking additional and adjusting journal entries, our data is continuously refreshing and at risk of not balancing, so we want to look out for that.
   - Balance reconciliation: Total assets must reconcile to total liabilities and equity (A = L+E)
   - Control reconciliation: Total assets per the accounting ledger (input 1) must reconcile to total assets per the control from the draft financials (input 3)
- We expect the data from most business units to reconcile without exception, but where variances do exist, we need to be alerted to those items quickly, in order to investigate and adjust within the close period.
- We also want to append the data for the current period (2022) to existing validated data from previous years, in order to analyze trends over time.

# Flow Navigation
- First, we want to join our assets and liabilities data on our common conditions, BU ID and Year, with a Join recipe.
- From there, we’ll use a Prepare recipe to apply some steps to clean up our data.
- We can continue to build off of branched datasets to further analyze and present the prepared data.
  - Filter the respective data to export to a multi-sheet Excel output
  - Pivot the respective data to create charts showing trends over time

# Key Takeaways
- After a given run, any flagged records brought to our attention will require subsequent review (outside of the flow, in other systems, by accounting personnel).
- Once we have taken the appropriate actions to research, review, and adjust for said flagged variances outside the flow, we can cycle the new data for those records back through the flow, and append updated results to the existing list of already validated records.
- A well automated process can not only repeat a set of steps beginning to end, but can also build upon information from previous runs of the automation. Good to keep in mind as it is often the case when working with financial/accounting data, that figures are accumulated.
- After logic is applied to “prepare” the data, the possibilities are expansive when it comes to how to consume the results of a flow. In this example, we’ve identified Excel output and DSS chart report generation as two potential options.

# Application
 - A possible entry point to the demo that is more suited to less technical audiences is the[ visual app](https://dss-006021cb-8f31f908-dku.us-east-1.app.dataiku.io/projects/COPYWHISTORICDATA/app-designer/)
 - Download the "Audit_111022.csv" dataset located in the attachments section to upload into the app
 - In reality, this would be a fully automated flow but the app should serve as a behind-the-scenes look at what the project does. The app takes in an audit file and outputs a table of records that need attention. The idea is that the automated flow can notify an analyst that some records need manual intervention programmatically.

# Disclaimer
This project was built with the help of Aimpoint partners. When using this demo, please make sure to highlighjt their involvement to the prospect and make sure to involve Aimpoint as the partner of choice for any Office of Finance or FP&A type use cases. The main points of contact at Aimpoint are Hannah Chung (hannah.chung@aimpointdigital.com) & Justin Davis (justin.davis@aimpointdigital.com)

# Feedback
 - Given this a new type of demo, we'd really appreciate it if you could help provide feedback after using it by [making use of this google sheet.](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16SceSI-tr3IIgFGodJFBX48y0uO7eNYKHsisuepBXaw/edit#gid=0)
 
